Docs: add new LLM providers (agentgateway 1.3) (#636)
agentgateway/website: content/docs/standalone/main/llm/providers/_index.md

---
title: Providers
weight: 20
description: Configure agentgateway for first-class, OpenAI-compatible, and self-hosted LLM providers
test: skip
---

Learn how to configure agentgateway for a particular LLM {{< gloss "Provider" >}}provider{{< /gloss >}}.

## First-class providers

> Prefer the dedicated provider pages when agentgateway already knows the upstream base URL and request format. This includes Anthropic, OpenAI, and many OpenAI-compatible providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the dedicated provider pages when agentgateway already knows the upstream base URL and request format. This list includes Anthropic, OpenAI, and many OpenAI-compatible providers.
```
I keep changing "Prefer" but is that that the right word?  To me it sounds like it's missing a subject. But I get that there could be multiple right options for some of these, right? And that's why prefer is used.

Author: I think "use" is fine and probably better
